README.md, before:

# yearn

Say I hear or read about something... and for whatever reason it stays with me... won't go away... for to put the compulsion to rest... I code.

If you're finding yourself curious you may consider picking an item from the list below, glancing over the brief and maybe even clicking on the header to see the code itself.

<!-- vim-markdown-toc GFM -->
* [hash_me_poorly](#hash_me_poorly)
* [is_there_a_pair](#is_there_a_pair)
* [reverse_text_not_tags](#reverse_text_not_tags)

<!-- vim-markdown-toc -->

## [hash_me_poorly](code/hash_me_poorly.py)

Show me that hash, will ya?..

```
$ code/hash_me_poorly.py | grep -v len=0
No of items: 1024
Item 0 is 0
Item 1 is 1
Item 1022 is 1022
Item 1023 is 1023
```

## [is_there_a_pair](code/is_there_a_pair.py)

Given a list of numbers and a value... establish whether the list contains a pair of numbers whose sum equals given value.

Now... how many of those pairs is there, exactly?

```
$ code/is_there_a_pair.py
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 0
Found: 0 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1
Found: 1 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1022
Found: 511 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1023
Found: 512 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1024
Found: 511 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 2045
Found: 1 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 2046
Found: 0 pairs
```

## [reverse_text_not_tags](code/reverse_text_not_tags.py)

Lets reverse some text, shall we?

Now... what if portions of the text, lets call them tags, need to be left intact?

```
$ code/reverse_text_not_tags.py
Text: Reverse me!
Text reversed: !em esreveR
Text reversed not tags: !em esreveR
Text: <html><head></head><body><h1>Reverse me!</h1></body></html>
Text reversed: >lmth/<>ydob/<>1h/<!em esreveR>1h<>ydob<>daeh/<>daeh<>lmth<
Text reversed not tags: <html><head></head><body><h1>!em esreveR</h1></body></html>
```

Commit message:

anagram_or_not, initial version

README.md, after:

# yearn

Say I hear or read about something... and for whatever reason it stays with me... won't go away... for to put the compulsion to rest... I code.

If you're finding yourself curious you may consider picking an item from the list below, glancing over the brief and maybe even clicking on the header to see the code itself.

<!-- vim-markdown-toc GFM -->
* [anagram_or_not](#anagram_or_not)
* [hash_me_poorly](#hash_me_poorly)
* [is_there_a_pair](#is_there_a_pair)
* [reverse_text_not_tags](#reverse_text_not_tags)

<!-- vim-markdown-toc -->

## [anagram_or_not](code/anagram_or_not.py)

Anagram or not?.. that's the question!

```
$ code/anagram_or_not.py
Is '' anagram of 'abc'? No!
Is 'abcde' anagram of ''? No!
Is 'abcde' anagram of 'vwxyz'? No!
Is 'abcde' anagram of 'abcde'? Yes!
Is 'abcde' anagram of 'edcba'? Yes!
Is 'edcba' anagram of 'abcde'? Yes!
```

## [hash_me_poorly](code/hash_me_poorly.py)

Show me that hash, will ya?..

```
$ code/hash_me_poorly.py | grep -v len=0
No of items: 1024
Item 0 is 0
Item 1 is 1
Item 1022 is 1022
Item 1023 is 1023
```

## [is_there_a_pair](code/is_there_a_pair.py)

Given a list of numbers and a value... establish whether the list contains a pair of numbers whose sum equals given value.

Now... how many of those pairs is there, exactly?

```
$ code/is_there_a_pair.py
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 0
Found: 0 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1
Found: 1 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1022
Found: 511 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1023
Found: 512 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 1024
Found: 511 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 2045
Found: 1 pairs
Array of 1024 elements (values 0..1023), sum to search for: 2046
Found: 0 pairs
```

## [reverse_text_not_tags](code/reverse_text_not_tags.py)

Lets reverse some text, shall we?

Now... what if portions of the text, lets call them tags, need to be left intact?

```
$ code/reverse_text_not_tags.py
Text: Reverse me!
Text reversed: !em esreveR
Text reversed not tags: !em esreveR
Text: <html><head></head><body><h1>Reverse me!</h1></body></html>
Text reversed: >lmth/<>ydob/<>1h/<!em esreveR>1h<>ydob<>daeh/<>daeh<>lmth<
Text reversed not tags: <html><head></head><body><h1>!em esreveR</h1></body></html>
```
